README.md, before:

# MesoSim's Strategy Library
This repository contains the Job Definition's of [MesoSim's built in strategy library](https://portal.deltaray.io).

## Structure
 - Files in root: Ready to use options strategies 
 - Files in `mesosim-feature-examples/`: demonstration of key MesoSim features 


## How to run

Head to [MesoSim Portal](https://portal.deltaray.io) and paste the job definition to a new run and execute.

## Legal disclaimer
The content is for informational purposes only, you should not construe any such information or other material as investment, financial, or other advice. 
Nothing contained on our Site and Repository constitutes a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement, or offer to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments 
in this or in in any other jurisdiction in which such solicitation or offer would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

All Content on our Site and Repository is information of a general nature and does not address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. 
Nothing in the Site and Repository constitutes professional and/or financial advice, nor does any information on the repository constitute a comprehensive or 
complete statement of the matters discussed or the law relating thereto. 

## License
    MesoSim's Public Strategy Library
    Copyright (C) <2022-2023>  deltaray / Tibor Kiss

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
    by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Add information about OptionNet Explorer imports

README.md, after:

# MesoSim's Strategy Library
This repository contains the Job Definition's of [MesoSim's built in strategy library](https://portal.deltaray.io).

## Structure
 - Files in [complete-strategies](complete-strategies): Ready to use options strategies 
 - Files in [feature-examples](feature-examples): demonstration of key MesoSim features 


## How to run

Head to [MesoSim Portal](https://portal.deltaray.io) and paste the job definition to a new run and execute.

## Analyze runs in OptionNet Explorer

Once the runs are completed you can export the results from [MesoSim Portal](https://portal.deltaray.io) and import it to [OptionNet Explorer](https://www.optionnetexplorer.com/).
Please refer to the following [documentation page](https://docs.deltaray.io/export-to-optionnetexplorer) for further details.
For automated import to OptionNet Explorer you can leverage the [mesosim-one-import](https://github.com/deltaray-io/mesosim-one-import) application.


## Legal disclaimer
The content is for informational purposes only, you should not construe any such information or other material as investment, financial, or other advice. 
Nothing contained on our Site and Repository constitutes a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement, or offer to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments 
in this or in in any other jurisdiction in which such solicitation or offer would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

All Content on our Site and Repository is information of a general nature and does not address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. 
Nothing in the Site and Repository constitutes professional and/or financial advice, nor does any information on the repository constitute a comprehensive or 
complete statement of the matters discussed or the law relating thereto. 

## License
    MesoSim's Public Strategy Library
    Copyright (C) <2022-2023>  deltaray / Tibor Kiss

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
    by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
